feat: Attendance Status and some enhancements (#179)
frappe/erpnext_documentation: erpnext_documentation/www/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/human-resources-reports.md

<img alt="Monthly Salary Register" class="screenshot" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/human-resources/monthly-salary-register-report.png">

## Vehicle Expenses Report

To track and monitor Vehicle Expenses you can use the Vehicle Expenses report. This report gives a one-stop view of all your Vehicle Expenses month-wise.

<img class="screenshot" alt="Vehicle Log" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/human-resources/vehicle-expenses.png">

## Employee Information

> This Report Provide you the basic information for Employees like status, Branch, Designation etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This report provides you with the basic information of the Employees like their Status, Branch, Designation, etc.
```

> <img class="screenshot" alt="Vehicle Log" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/human-resources/employee-information.png">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img class="screenshot" alt="Employee Information" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/human-resources/employee-information.png">
```

## Monthly Attendance Sheet

> This report will provide you information like Attendance Status and Leaves of Employee between selected date interval represented by their respective Abbreviation as defined in Leave type and Attendance Status master.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This report shows the Attendance Status of Employees and the Leaves taken by them between the selected date range.  The status and leaves are represented by their respective Abbreviations as defined in Leave Type and the Attendance Status master.
```
